I said how much did this poor guy give you?
Acting for
Our Jiang family has double doors
I don't want a penny for the room, bastard
This money was given to me by my grandfather
It doesn't matter if I give you the Jiang family a dime
Stop talking nonsense, kneel down and kowtow and apologize
The one who should kneel down is you who are disobedient, right?
Okay, then you let go
Break his legs now
I see who dares
Not afraid to kill his legs before death
What a reward!
He is beautiful alone
Hey, second sister
What do we do?
Deliberately hurting people in broad daylight, right?
I hurt people on purpose
He just ordered the migrant worker to hurt my hand on purpose
A butt
Now that I can't fight, say I deliberately hurt people
Why are you so important?
Xiaoming is the only son of the Jiang family
His father won't forgive you if you dare to touch him
And me?
It's just educating this rebel for your Jiang family
Teach him to be honest and trustworthy
Hey, hey, what are you doing?